A case and others create the final table and our database the reserved seat table.
So the reserved seat table contains information about each booking which C has been reserved for which
particular screening by which particular customer.
So we have free fields in our reserve see table we have the ID field which is the primary key and and
is Autor incrementing.
Then we have the booking ID which is also an int and its foreign key to the bookings table.
And then we have a CTD which is also an end and it's a foreign key to the ID field in the seats table.
And you can see from the second picture here that we have a one to many relationship between the bookings
table and the reserved seat table.
So one booking by a customer can reserve many seats but only one reserved seat ID can be associated
with one booking.
And there's also a one to many relationship between the seats table and the reserved seat table.
So a particular seat can be Reserve many times depending on the screening but only one reserved seat
ID can be associated with one seat.
And it looks like on the face of it that we don't have enough information on our reserved seat table
we have a reserve see ID but then we only have a c ID and a booking ID.
We don't have customer id field.
So how do we know which customers Reserve which see while Fruita booking ID we can make a link between
the reserved seat table and the bookings table and in the bookings table we then have the customer ID
so we can get all the customer information for each particular reserved seat.
So we will be able to know which customers to which seat for which booking and for which room out.
So in my school work bench and create a final table with a reserved seat table
so we need to type create table reserved underscore seats open air pair brackets with the semi-colon
and within our brackets we need to type or columns.
So the first column like always is ID column which is in and saw a primary key and it also auto increments
and then the next column Mazhar booking ID which is going to be a foreign key.
So its an end.
And we also have to not know constraints on our booking ID.
So the final call home so see ID column.
This was also an int and it was not as well had the not no constraint.
So now we just need to define our foreign keys.
So we have two foreign keys in this table.
So the first one is foreign key booking ID and this is referencing the booking table with the bookings
table and the ID column within the bookings table and then the second foreign key is for the seat ID.
And this is referencing the seats table and the ID field within the seats table.
So now we have our create table queries set up we can run up and then we can type show tables
and you can see we now have our reserved seat table here and we have all seven tables created in our
database.
We can now just type describe it see just to see that everything is OK and you can see here we have
all three columns our id our booking ID and all study the data type none of them allow no values.
We have our primary key which is already filled.
Then we have our two foreign keys.
We've set no default values for any of the columns and the ID field is also incrementing.
OK so now that we've created all the tables in our system our booking system database we now need to
insert some data into our tables.
So let's see that in the next video.